Fix #793: Fix translations, broken link in contributing guide, incorrect imports and grammar in documentation (#793)
yiisoft/validator: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Getting started

> Since Yii 3 consists of many packages, we have a [special development tool](https://github.com/yiisoft/docs/blob/master/src/internals/005-development-tool.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Yii 3 consists of many packages, we have a [special development tool](https://yiisoft.github.io/docs/internals/005-development-tool.html).
```

I'd use rendered version.

Reviewer: btw., I think many packages have similar broken links...
